## Dr-Li - Your Virtual Doctor (Dr. Li - Seu Doutor Virtual)

#### O Dr. Li é um doutor virtual que ajuda a realizar uma triagem, identificando possíveis problemas pulmonares.(Dr. Li is a virtual Doctor who helps to perform a screening, identifying possible lung problems.)

Several countries have been facing serious problems in diagnosing and supporting people showing symptoms of the new Coronavirus, besides the fake news which have been causing problems with false information about prevention and treatments. 
Based on data and scientific researches, we created Dr Li, an artificial Intelligence that talks on a friendly manner through WhatsApp, conducting a triage for identification of COVID-19. In a way never seen before, through an audio sent by the users themselves, it extracts sound frequencies from the breathing and compares it using artificial intelligence to identify possible pulmonary problems, generating pre-diagnostics and referring to a more specific consultation.
Given the social isolation, some people have also been developing psychological problems, like OCD, depression and anxiety. For this reason, not only thinking in the physical wellbeing, but also emotional, an evaluation is executed through a questionnaire and if necessary the person is referred to an individual and personalized or group based psychological support in accordance with each user needs. This consultation is done by capacitated professional who will proceed with an online consultation in the same app.
Through the shared zip code, it executes a search in the national database of records and controls for the new Coronavirus, warning the user the number of positive cases in the region.
All of this collecting official data, sharing with competent agencies, aiding in the regional mapping, helping the authorities and supporting the families in the battle against the virus.
Dr. Li is prepared to clarify questions and also respond to fake news inquiries, refer the users and provide all the necessary support during these pandemic times.
